capital = 547

oob = "KEN_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}


set_convoys = 23

recruit_character = KEN_acas
recruit_character = KEN_communist_guy
recruit_character = KEN_ncs
recruit_character = KEN_awt
recruit_character = KEN_pot
recruit_character = KEN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KEN_ai2
recruit_character = KEN_nt
recruit_character = KEN_aco2
recruit_character = KEN_ar
recruit_character = KEN_acr
recruit_character = KEN_mt
recruit_character = KEN_stc
recruit_character = KEN_aa2
recruit_character = KEN_acgs
recruit_character = KEN_ncm
recruit_character = KEN_nccr
recruit_character = KEN_coi
recruit_character = KEN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KEN_acd2

add_ideas = {
	ANKOKU
	TZN_ENG
	TZN_POR
}

KEN = {
	give_resource_rights = { receiver = ENG state = 546 }
	give_resource_rights = { receiver = ENG state = 548 }
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 60
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 15
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	
	name = "Dedan Ngwale"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Dedan_Ngwale
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

