capital = 330

oob = "MON_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	MON_KORITU 
}

recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_mingzhu_zhanshan
recruit_character =  MON_Tokuo
recruit_character = MON_songgotu_kangan
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_olziytrygyn_badrak
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_yundunwangcug
recruit_character = MON_pai_yun_ti


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}