capital = 558

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}



set_convoys = 90

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = TZN_acd2
recruit_character = TZN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = TZN_ncs
recruit_character = TZN_nccr
recruit_character = TZN_aco2
recruit_character = TZN_communist_guy
recruit_character = TZN_ai2
recruit_character = TZN_ar
recruit_character = TZN_coi
recruit_character = TZN_acas
recruit_character = TZN_acgs
recruit_character = TZN_aa2
recruit_character = TZN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TZN_acr
recruit_character = TZN_stc
recruit_character = TZN_awt
recruit_character = TZN_pot
recruit_character = TZN_mt
recruit_character = TZN_ncm
recruit_character = TZN_nt

add_ideas = {
	ANKOKU
	TZN_ENG
	TZN_POR
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 60
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 15
}
